add mandatory tasks (#3503)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/company-info-and-process/onboarding/onboarding-checklist.md

# Onboarding Checklist

TODO

## Mandatory tasks

Current onboarding mandatory tasks are:

**Set up**
No due date.

- Enabling WorkSpace One (WS1)
- Completing BambooHR profile
- Confirm BambooHR information: number of options and vesting date

**Security**

> Due date: one month after start date. If not completed, there will be a warning via email and we expect you to do it in the two weeks following the warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due date: one month after start date.
If the task was not completed by the due date you will receive a reminder alert via email. The grace period for completing the task will be two weeks after the original due date. In the event the task is not completed by the end of the grace period an escalation notification will be sent to your manager and the People Ops team. 
```

- Watch Security Awareness training
- Complete Security Awareness training assessment (form)
- Read the security policy
- Sign security policy acknowledgment
- Enable 2FA on GitHub
- Enable 2FA on GSuite

**Code of Conduct**

> Due date: one month after start date. If not completed, there will be a warning and we expect you to do it in the two weeks following the warning.

Reviewer: Same as above.
